Okay kids, it's time to practice our Bible books.
Are you ready to try some of the Hebrew scriptures?
Ready! Genesis!
The book that tells how paradise was lost.
Exodus!
God saved his people by his mighty hand.
Love it again!
God's lost to keep them holy day by day.
Numbers!
Some lost the chance to see the promised land.
See the Rodney!
Judgment to listen and obey.
Joshua!
Each family got a place to call their own.
Judges!
God's mighty ones performing mighty deeds.
With the flock I choose his faithful David to be king.
Second Samuel!
The trouble in his house because of sin.
First Kings!
The kingdom is divided north and south.
Second Kings!
The most were bad.
A few were faithful men.
First Chronicles!
The things they learned from lessons in the past.
Second Chronicles!
That rulers lead the nation to its fall.
Ezra!
His work restored your worship once again.
Mehemiah!
He helped rebuild the city and its walls.
Esther!
She spoke with courage when the time was right.
Job!
Integrity is precious in God's eyes.
The song!
Inspired songs to praise God's love and might.
The covers!
The wisdom of its words is always true.
It could be the Asties!
The happiness that serving God will bring.
Song of Solomon!
Jew love is ever in boil, always strong.
Isaiah!
How life would be when Jesus rose as King!
The Bible!